8/12 Weds :: 18:36 :: NCommander
MSDOS 4.0 and PC DOS 4.0 worst dos version
inner ring of floppy disks typically not used
smartmon didn't ship with windows... I asked if it was an ancestor to resmon
courier new is a monospace font?
INF files used to install components for a device when it needs 1 or more drivers and/or needs device specific configs
stands for "information" b/c it's setupt information.

8/14 Fri ::10:35:: no one, prepping for cVlad
if Nix builds packages without dependencies, would this mean a lot of memory is "wasted" b/c code in one package is being reprouced in another?
so it's a simple tradeoff between Nix and Win w/ DLL/COMs or Ubuntu with PPA?

misc 
ASP stands for Active Server packages
.NET framework is the successor to this ^
What's CLR (common language runtime?)
whatever it is, coders can use this runtime to write asp.net code using any language... ? so does that mean if I use c# the CLR will translate it to asp.net then compile?
a .cs file is c# duh! 
kotlin mainly targets JVM, but can compile to JS (via LLVM) this backend compiler has shown up several times to me in the last few days!
so kotlin is to Java, like purescript / typescript is to JS?



IBMdeveloper
k9s does a great job of getting info to you (from kubelets?)
default namespace? 
AWX provides a webbased ui, REST API, & task engine built on ansible
what's a task engine?
ansible is a powerful cli tool?
ansible tower is a framework
role based access control, push button delpoyment...
says he will use awx NOT tower
awx is the upstream version of tower... 

JoshVarty
add / soft max in Kernels
local executor?
orange means tensor flow, blue xla....
LLVM is the backend of Clang, so LLVM is doing the optimization 
feeds and fetches all about inputs and outputs
fee input
fetch output
tf is json, json all the way down
you build (with caffe) json to run your program lol nobody wants to write json as code
what's bazel? syntactic sugar...
"ahead of time" is diff than the concept of jit (just in time) windows

cVlad
ghc = glasgow haskell compiler
x :: Sum '[Int, Bool, Float]
x = Inj True
category theory
phantom types
great example, usr names and pswds may be strings as runtime but compile time they are different so you get compile safety
scala is hard to read
so cs has monads? "Either" checking for nulls or errors

strawberryhacker
SAM e70 arm cortez m7 processor
SAME70Q21b 
zero length packet = zlp
A pipe is a method used to pass information from one program process to another
in this case I think it's from usb (like a mouse) to the chip (directly to the chip?)




